README.md, before:

# Exxyll v2

This repository contains all Source Code of Exxyll at Discord.js v13.1.0

## Status

In Development (accumulated 12% of Full 100%)

## Scripts

Scripts that available in [package.json](package.json) file.

| Name        | Script               | Description                               |
| ----------- | -------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| Start       | `yarn start`         | Run the bot                               |
| Development | `yarn run dev`       | Run the bot in Development Mode           |
| Shard       | `yarn run shard`     | Run and Shard the Bot                     |
| Shard & Dev | `yarn run shard-dev` | Run and Shard the Bot in Development Mode |
| Linters     | `yarn lint`          | Lint the code using ESLint                |

## Todo

To-do schedule for this project.

| Categories    | Status | Tests          | Supports      |
| ------------- | ------ | -------------- | ------------- |
| Configuration | ✅     | Passing ✅     | Normal, Slash |
| Info          | ✅     | Passing ✅     | Normal, Slash |
| Fun           | ✅     | Passing ✅     | Normal, Slash |
| Guild         | ✅     | Passing ✅     | Normal, Slash |
| Moderation    | ✅     | Passing ✅     | Normal, Slash |
| Owner         | WIP    |                |               |
| Presence      | WIP    |                |               |
| Developer     | ✅     | Not Passing ❌ | Slash         |
| Games         | ✅     | Passing ✅     | Normal        |
| Music         | ❌     |                | (Stopped)     |
| Levelling     | ✅     | Passing ✅     | Slash, Normal |
| User          | ✅     | Passing ✅     | Slash, Normal |
| Utility       | WIP    |                |               |
| Welcoming     | WIP    |                |               |

### Must Fix

- [ ] Fix Custom Emoji Load Error
      Because the nitro at our server is dead, So, we just can using 66 emojis from 100 emojis +.
      And this must be fixed for better User-Experience. Thats'it. You must fix it before released publicly.

### Idea

- [ ] Add Cooldown Features to limit Interaction. (Due unknown interaction (as known interaction limitation)).

## License

This Project is Under [MIT License](https://github.com/gifaldyazkaa/exxyll-rewrite-v13/blob/master/LICENSE) &copy; Gifaldy Azka

Commit message:

docs(v2): move todo list to docs

README.md, after:

# Exxyll v2

This repository contains all Source Code of Exxyll at Discord.js v13.1.0

## Status

In Development (accumulated 12% of Full 100%)

## Scripts

Scripts that available in [package.json](package.json) file.

| Name        | Script               | Description                               |
| ----------- | -------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| Start       | `yarn start`         | Run the bot                               |
| Development | `yarn run dev`       | Run the bot in Development Mode           |
| Shard       | `yarn run shard`     | Run and Shard the Bot                     |
| Shard & Dev | `yarn run shard-dev` | Run and Shard the Bot in Development Mode |
| Linters     | `yarn lint`          | Lint the code using ESLint                |

## To-do

Feel free to see at the [docs](docs/todo.md) to see our current to-do for this project!

## License

This Project is Under [MIT License](https://github.com/gifaldyazkaa/exxyll-rewrite-v13/blob/master/LICENSE) &copy; Gifaldy Azka
